♪
Huh? Please explain.
Unh!
What my dear son is doing.
[grunts] He's working on
some kind of treat.
[grunts]
I don't quite understand.
[grunts] But it clearly involves
whipping egg whites.
[grunts]
The boy has
been at it all day!
Huh! Not a bad strategy
for pumping up
those tiny biceps!
[scoffs] I'm afraid not, gents.
[all gasp]
-It can't be!
-Not one fiber of muscle's
has formed
despite his countless reps?
[confused groan]
[chuckles]
Impressive, yes?
They're still so
slender and delicate.
By design!
Repetitive tasks like whipping
eggs result in something
special known as STMF!
-[clucking]
-"Some thin, meek fowl"?
It stands for "slow-twitch
muscle fibers."
By intentionally subjecting
my arms to such prolonged,
low-burden exercise, I develop
lithe yet firm arms
that aren't hampered
by bulging muscles,
no offense intended
to present company.
-Oh... Hm?
-But there's more!
One of the most
critical factors in muscle
development is diet.
Ah... [chomping]
The majority of my calories
in sweets come from complex
carbohydrates and tasty fats.
They all have little
to no protein to speak of.
My muscles
don't stand a chance.
I order you to eat
real food from now on!
-[Pas groans]
-Got it?
♪
[NARRATOR] This is the tale
of a genius pâtissier,
whose dream of making
the world's greatest
dessert was cut short.
Now, reincarnated into another
realm as the son of a poor
noble, he pursues a world
full of desserts and smiles!
A tale that's syrupy sweet,
chock full of yummy treats,
and sprinkled
with bitter darkness.
A pastry chef,
who was reborn,
and dreams of creating
this new world's,
very own land of sweets!
It seems a war has
broken out in the east.
[gasps]
[CASSEROLE] The border conflict
between Hubarek's lands
and their neighbor Lutoroute
has finally boiled over.
I come bearing news.
There has not been so much as a
whisper of reinforcements
from the duke's estate
in the royal capital.
Hmph!
Just as expected.
The moment they heard the
false rumor that our army
was thirty-thousand strong.
Hubarek would have had no
choice but to request aid
from Kadlecek.
The fact that it
hasn't materialized
means one of two things.
Perhaps the duke turned
him down or it's possible
the Hubareks withdrew their
request for aid, like fools.
[LUTOROUTE] I guarantee
it's the latter.
Once he became aware that
we have only ten-thousand
soldiers, he'd have chosen
to handle us himself
in a sorry attempt
to save face.
He'll wish to avoid
large-scale
participation
by the ducal house.
A withdrawal. I doubt the duke
would appreciate that.
It's safe to assume
it was a source of conflict.
[gulping]
[exhales]
Wait and see, Hubarek.
I will be the one to
settle this grudge of ours,
by destroying you!
M'lord! I have just received
word regarding
the Hubarek daughter's fiancé.
It seems he is currently
stationed in the margravate.
Oh. The duke's
precious grandson.
-[LICORICE] Hello, Pas!
-Huh!
Is there something
troubling you?
Uh...
You look a bit
lost in thought.
Who, me?
Nah, I'm fine, just fine!
Be honest.
The war is weighing heavily
on your mind, is it not?
I hear there's conflict
breaking out between
my homeland and its
neighboring territory.
-I believe...
-[PAS] Hm?
We share the same sentiment,
that war is no more than
a foolish waste of life.
It's not fair.
Why must people senselessly
fight and kill each other?
♪
Instead of waging war upon one
another, they could all spend
their days making
delicious sweets.
If they could lose themselves
in it the way that you do.
Imagine, they could share
the finished desserts
with a big smile
and open heart.
Then war would become a thing
of the past and everyone in the
world would be so
happy and joyful all the time!
♪
I feel the same way.
Hm...
You're so wise.
Sweets really do
make everyone happy!
Behind every smile is a sweet!
The road to everlasting
peace is paved with sweets!
It's the only way!
Right!
Uh...
[chuckles]
Almost forgot!
Today's the day
the merchant is finally
-going to deliver my goats.
-Your goats?
But of course, there are few
things in this world richer
and more delicious
than cheesecake
made from goat's milk,
mark my words!
Cake from cheese?
I can't wait to try it!
You shall! Go ahead
and set your hopes high!
Done!
[giggles]
What do you mean
someone swiped my goats?
Explain this at once!
[TRAVELING MERCHANT] Well,
actually, to be more precise,
before I could
bring them here,
another noble insisted
on purchasing them.
There was nothing I could do.
That's basically
still swiping them!
[traveling merchant whimpers]
Forcing someone to sell
something under duress
is essentially stealing.
I believe that's what
young Pas is getting at.
I'm so, so sorry!
I tried to explain
that they already had
a buyer, I really did.
But they said the circumstances
were dire, and they'd kill me
if I didn't hand
over every last goat!
I had no choice
but to comply.
Yes, we understand and thank
you for coming here in person
to explain what transpired
with the goats.
Tell me! Who did you sell
my prized goats to?
[TRAVELING MERCHANT]
It was Baron Lunzvage.
I see.
He's infamous for tormenting
newer noble families.
If only we had a familial
connection to a powerful noble.
That would surely help us
with lodging a complaint.
[Pas groans]
Sadly, the engagement linking
our family to House Hubarek
has yet to be formalized.
We'd be ill advised
to ask the margrave
to intervene on our behalf.
Furthermore, this slight is
undoubtedly a consequence of
the conflict between the houses
of Hubarek and Lutoroute.
Complaining about the
shockwaves of a war
-won't earn us much sympathy.
-Hm.
We'll just have to
swallow our pride
and pretend it never happened.
We received news of the war
but three days ago.
I can scarcely believe that we
are already suffering
from the ramifications.
It must be a rather
large-scale conflict
and all of our territories
are connected by trade,
even distant regions will be
affected by it to some degree.
[PAS]
Is this some sort of test?
I don't care if that maniac
is a baron or a heron.
-Pas?
-[Pas grunts]
Anyone who spoils my plans
must be purged from this world!
We can't permit this
tyranny to go unchecked!
Morteln pride demands swift
and immediate retribution
against all guilty parties!
[panting]
-What's wrong, kid?
-Calm down!
How can I be calm
at a time like this?
I'm going to march right up
to that baron jerk
and give him
a piece of my mind!
-[CASSEROLE] Pas!
-Uh...
You will calm
yourself at once.
-But, Father...
-These lands are at war.
Each fief will do what
it must to secure supplies,
especially food
for its people.
The Lunzvage Barony is closer
to the front lines
-than our fief is, son.
-Mm...
It's only natural that they
would have a more pressing need
for food than we do.
Though what the Baron did was
wrong, he did not steal
those goats,
he paid for them.
I am sorry that you
lost the chance
to purchase them yourself.
But the hard truth is that
you alone were harmed
by his actions
and you know it.
-I realize that but still...
-[FEUILLE] Even if you demanded
the goats back,
he'd just use the war
as an excuse to send
you on your way.
There's no chance of success.
[CASSEROLE] While I do
understand your frustration,
all you can do now
is accept reality.
But I really need those goats!
Once the conflict is settled,
you'll be able to
negotiate their return.
Although it won't be easy.
Cake from cheese?
I can't wait to try it!
[PAS] Why must people go to war?
It doesn't make anyone happy!
[FEUILLE] Cheer up, kid,
I've got an idea.
-Huh?
-It's a way to get your
pick of supplies,
even smack in the
middle of a war like this one.
-Hm...
-Hm. Supplies! That's it!
If we lend our strength
to the cause as reinforcements
we'll be able to get priority
selection
-of all wartime provisions!
-[FEUILLE] Exactly right!
Baron Lunzvage is downright
infamous for his miserly ways.
I highly doubt he's offering
much in the way of aid.
Joining the
reinforcements ourselves
is a prime opportunity.
It could give us an
advantage over the baron.
Mm.
And because Pas and Licorice
are blissfully engaged,
we have a more-than-sufficient
reason to side
with Hubarek
in this conflict.
-It's decided. Just watch.
-Hm.
You filthy Baron Lunzvage!
Enjoy those goats.
They'll soon be mine!
[MARC]
So, Pas is the adjutant
and Lord Casserole
is the commander?
And my dad and
Nicolo are the retainers.
I sure hope that newbie
can handle the job.
-[sneezes]
-Hm.
[COINTREAU] We also have eight
new foot soldiers
recruited from our villages.
That brings our full
number to twelve.
Dammit, I wanted
to go along, too!
You would've been nothing
but a burden on them,
and you know it.
You dare?
We're also entrusted
with an important job,
we have to protect the fief
while our lord is away.
Dad, I already know all that!
Was it truly necessary for them
to make preparations and leave
in the space of a single day?
You know better than any of us
that the boss and kid
are always prepared
for an emergency.
Being ready for anything
is just who they are.
No need to worry,
dear Licorice.
You'll see.
Right. Huh.
[PAS] Forgive me, Licorice.
It's selfish to go to
the front lines like this.
But I must do it for sweets.
Or rather, to right
an egregious wrong!
Once I get my goats back.
I promise to make us
lots of delicious desserts!
[Squale squealing]
Petra, darling.
She's so cute.
You have the real me
standing right before you,
and yet here you are,
preoccupied with
a silly picture!
No, please, you misunderstand!
It's just that the real you
is so utterly charming,
I feel like I have to prepare
myself.
Oh!
Oh.
[SQUALE] Petra really is so
incredibly adorable.
[HUBAREK] Well met, my boy!
A convincing fabrication
you pulled from thin air.
-Color me impressed.
-It wasn't a fabrication!
-I meant every word! Truly.
-Father please!
Do not tease my poor
Lord Squale like that!
Fine, I apologize.
Excuse his rudeness,
Lord Squale.
It's already forgotten.
Would you like to
join me for a walk?
[MALE ATTENDANT] M'lord!
We have received confirmation
that Lutoroute's main force
is on the march!
They are?
[MALE ATTENDANT] Their number is
just over ten thousand!
Ten thousand?
Then the original report
of thirty thousand
was falsified after all.
We should be able to handle
them without calling
for more reinforcements.
[HUBAREK] Lord Squale.
You heard the man.
Yes, sir!
So if I may.
I'd like to have you handle
our front-line defense.
Please, no!
Not without backup!
Petra. I know what I am doing
and this is for the best.
Father.
My lord! I thank you
for my first campaign.
I'll go.
And set out at once!
Good.
Make me proud!
-Yes, sir.
-Please don't go.
Never fear.
I swear that I will protect your
father's lands at all costs.
[MALE LIEUTENANT] I bring news!
You'll be pleased to know that
part of the advance unit
has already arrived near
the border and formed rank!
Good work.
M'lord. Our forces have started
to show signs of fatigue.
Meanwhile, the Hubarek army
has been steadily
growing their ranks
all this time.
If we're not careful,
we'll be at a disadvantage.
[snorts]
Don't tell me you're fool enough
to believe I would
fail to account
for any of those factors.
[LUTOROUTE'S AIDE]
Of course not, m'lord.
The real goal of this maneuver
is to destroy
Hubarek and Kadlecek's alliance.
How does this affect
the margrave and the duke?
[LUTOROUTE] At this moment,
Kadlecek's heir
is stationed at House Hubarek.
The whelp has never
seen a real battle before.
Hubarek likely wishes to grant
him his first true campaign,
but he knows full well
he can't risk
throwing a dignitary's grandson
into jeopardy.
However, if he expects
an easy battle,
it's the perfect opportunity
for that first deployment.
And if he manages to secure
the boy a win,
he'll earn Kadlecek's
gratitude in return.
Too bad I'm going to
lure him out on his own,
to a place where I can
finish off the brat.
Mm.
That poor girl
will lose her beloved fiancé.
[LUTOROUTE] Kadlecek will be
furious
and cut ties with the family.
Hubarek will find himself
isolated,
and his attempts to expand his
forces up in smoke.
And while he's still reeling
from his sad change in fortune,
I'll unleash an all-out
attack and crush him
before reinforcements arrive.
Even now, I can practically see
the despair on Hubarek's face.
What say we go
make it a reality?
[SQUALE] I didn't expect
my first deployment
would arrive so suddenly.
I hope this keeps you safe.
[SQUALE] I can't afford to lose.
I must protect Petra!
[HUBAREK]
Well, if it isn't Lord Morteln
and Lord Pastry with him!
We heard that
you were under attack
and have come to offer
you our aid.
I'm truly grateful
for your kind offer.
You traveled so far for us.
Not you, we came for goats!
-Quiet!
-Uh!
-What goats?
-Sorry.
Just a joke!
I would do anything
to aid your family
and protect my precious fiancée!
Mm.
[CASSEROLE] How is the battle
going?
[HUBAREK] Thankfully,
all is well for the moment.
The enemy force is
smaller than anticipated.
Even as we speak, they're
preparing to launch an assault
from their
front-line fortress.
-They're few in number?
-Yes.
I heard reports they could be
thirty-thousand strong.
In fact, they're closer
to twelve thousand men.
I would like your
opinion on the matter.
Where are they stationed?
[HUBAREK]
There are two thousand here.
Their main force is here,
with what looks like
five hundred Provisionals
nearby.
Furthermore,
we have two hundred men
protecting this hill.
There are enemy forces
stationed here as well.
I see,
their defenses are solid.
-[CASSEROLE] It's curious.
-Curious?
Something is amiss here.
It doesn't add up.
It all looks fine at
first glance,
but when you take a closer look.
Huh! Your suspicion
confirms my worst fear.
[PAS] Is this a warrior's
instinct at work?
There's little to go on,
but for a veteran like Father,
I can't think of anything
more trustworthy.
The formation makes sense.
I would go so far as to
say it's downright solid.
So why doesn't it feel right?
-[PAS] Maybe it's too solid?
-Hmm? What do you mean?
It shouldn't be
this solid now.
This is the formation of
an army preparing to defend
against an assault,
not launch their own.
[gasps]
[PAS] But they're the ones
invading.
Why are they in
a defensive formation
when they should be
on the attack?
True. Why would invaders
up their defenses?
It doesn't make sense,
especially before
a single battle is fought.
[HUBAREK] So that explains
this sense of dread
I've been feeling.
I don't get it.
What game are they playing?
[HUBAREK] Perhaps their goal is
to wear us down over time?
If I were them...
Watch.
I'd leave the majority of my
forces to solidify our defenses
and make up
for my lacking numbers,
by forcing a contained war zone
utilizing small mobile units.
Allowing me to slowly
but surely
shave down
my opponent's numbers
through repeated ambushes.
Here, for example.
This location is exactly
where I would strike first.
[Hubarek gasps]
[PAS]If you put yourself
in your opponent's position
you can figure out
exactly what they're after?
[CASSEROLE] If I can assume
that you'll be defending
against attacks from the North
then a strike here
would leave me mostly unscathed
and the terrain makes it
the perfect spot for an ambush.
[Hubarek groans]
-What's wrong?
-[HUBAREK] I messed up.
That location is right where
Lord Squale's unit is headed!
-[both gasps]
-Lord Squale's in danger?
I mistakenly thought
it would be
an easy area to defend.
That's why it seemed like
a fitting first deployment
for him.
Lord Squale has no practical
combat experience
he stands no chance
as the target of an ambush!
We must hurry to his rescue!
You're right.
I'll deploy a company
to your command at once!
Hurry to Lord Squale's side!
-[CASSEROLE] Let's move, Pas!
-[PAS] Right!
From where do we expect
their attack?
Ah, the Northeast, we believe.
Very well. We meet
the enemy here and prevail!
-Sir!
-[SOLDIER] Excuse me, sir!
We have sighted the enemy
in the distance!
About 20 men!
Right. The time has come.
Onward!
[battle cry]
[soldiers shouting]
[SQUALE] Where are they?
Where is our foe?
[SOLDIER] It's an ambush!
Enemy spotted!
Ambush from the Southern forest!
-What?
-How did they get behind us?
[both exclaim]
[SOLDIER] Kill 'em all!
-Go!
-[soldiers shouting]
[soldier shrieks]
There are too many!
There were only supposed to be
20 of them!
Hold the line, everyone!
[SQUALE] They tricked us.
[soldier groans]
[soldier screams]
[SQUALE] Stay calm.
Must stay calm!
[SQUALE'S AIDE] M'lord!
What are your orders,
Lord Squale?
[Squale gasps]
We're playing into their hands.
-Let's head for the forest!
-[SQUALE'S AIDE] Sir!
[horses galloping]
[soldiers shouting]
[SOLDIER] Enemy reinforcements!
A hundred strong!
Lord Squale, your orders?
[SQUALE] We're trapped!
Slow down, sir.
The arrival
of Margrave Hubarek's company
has been delayed!
There's no time to lose!
Nicolo, I'm leaving
Hubarek's company to you!
I won't let you down!
-[horses neighs]
-Pas, once we near the border
you take the soldiers
and harangue the enemy!
Yes, sir!
[CASSEROLE]
Glacage, you're with me!
Sir!
[PAS] We're coming, Squale.
-[horses marching]
-[soldier grunting]
Stay together! Don't disperse!
[LUTOROUTE SOLDIER 1]
That scrawny kid's their leader!
[LUTOROUTE SOLDIER 2]
Take him down!
We must retreat!
Fall back now!
[SQUALE'S AIDE] We can't!
We're surrounded on all sides!
[Squale's shivers]
[Squale gasps]
Then we'll carve
a path through.
M'lord,
we don't have enough men!
[HUBAREK SOLDIER]
We should surrender!
We hold fast here!
[soldiers screams]
[soldier groans]
What happened?
[indistinct chatter]
[soldiers screaming]
[Casserole groans]
[soldiers shouting]
[soldiers groaning]
Could that be Lord Morteln?
[soldiers screaming]
But why? How could he have known
we needed help?
[PAS] I'm glad to see you
safe and sound, Lord Squale!
Oh.
[PAS] It's been a while.
We heard
about your first deployment
and came to lend a hand!
[Squale laughs]
♪
[PAS] Next time
on Sweet Reincarnation
"The Flavor of Consolation:
Tarte Tatin."
Bon appetit!